# Lost in the Aftermath

The air was filled with fumes, smoke, and the smell of burned flesh which clogged his nostrils. Every breath he took burned in his throat like trandoshian whiskey and had him ready to yak at any moment. He should have been accustomed to atrocities like this after years of war, but there are just things one could and should never get accustomed to.

Rex swiped the grime and sweat from his forehead, as he rested his tired body onto the rundown and by now blunt shovel, he had used to dig holes the last few hours. Every fibre of his being hurt and each cell in his body whined with every move he took. Yet this pain was woven in with the numbness which had replaced his heart. He had lost brothers, family, good men, and soldiers to the war and however gruesome, he could always reason it away onto the greater good. But this? This had no greater meaning. The 50 holes in the ground before him, filled with 50 brothers they had found in the wreckage, or at least what was left of them, had no meaning. Their death had no meaning. It had been in vain. Controlled by a tiny biochip in their heads, these men were forced to fight the commander they adored and die in an attempt to take her down with them. He shuddered at the mere thought, the reality of it still evading him somewhat. This was just so fucked up.

Looking around his gaze stopped on the helmet of Jesse, one of his oldest friends and companions of whom he always has had just an important few. Mere hours before, this friend had become his worst enemy, and as honour dictates one of them had to die, while the other survived. If he would allow the emotions cursing through his body to take over his thinking right this instant. If it was not for this numbness encasing his heart in a protective attempt to save it, and the duty he still felt. Rex would not hesitate and shot himself at the foot of Jesse’s grave joining him in the eternal nothingness of death. Now everything seemed just so dull and meaningless. The silence in his head, the heaviness of his eyelids, the pure pressure on his being. Only a single tear fought its way out of the pressure cooker he had become, falling onto the burned floor, evaporated and forgotten much as his brothers below his feet.

His gaze wandered further to Ahsoka. She was knelling next to a hole, almost frantically trying to fill it up with dirt, wanting to lay the clones to rest in the shallow graves they had dug up for them. She looked much as he felt, and he wanted so much to cheer her up and remove this fowl expression from her face and make her eyes shine again, but now there wasn’t even enough energy left to keep himself upright.

They hadn’t found all the troopers yet and realistically they knew they would and could not. Some were either crushed or burned to ashes and others lay in their inescapable tombs under the debris surrounding them, ready to collapse into itself at any moment. The few they could properly burry had been the team Jesse had led into the hanger himself, not more. Ahsoka at least said, that she could not feel any survivors in the wreckage. Which was as much a relive as a grim reminder of this galaxy’s cruelty.

They had finished their work and salvaged as much as they were able to, taking everything with them they could need in the days to come. Their future was uncertain, and they both knew they had to decide what to do soon. They would cross that bridge once they reached it though. Now they were just staring at the graves, the helmets of their brothers and friends sticking out of the ground, the only prove that they had been alive and were not soulless droids. Not debris or scrap metal left on the battelfield as it was not worth the trouble picking up, but soldiers, brothers, men; lying to rest at their feet.

Rex’s breathing hitched and he could feel his pulse drum inside his ears as he almost lost footing. He could not stand this scene anymore. It threatened to pull away his numbness and to let him succumb to the grieve and guilt of not lying down there with them. Beside them as he should. He had to turn away. He had to avert himself before disaster struck. Ahsoka did not waver yet though, she seemed determined to force herself to look at what the republic's efforts had reaped. The truth nobody had known until it was too late. That there was no hope left in this life.

Rex stepped away taking a shuddering breath, leaving her to her silent mourning, grabbing all the things left to drag back to the ship. The Y-Wing they had salvaged and managed to survive their downfall in did not really warrant any trust in his eyes. He still was unsure of why it had been in the repair-bay as he could not see any obvious malfunctions or damaged parts. But it was the only way left they had to leave this by the force forsaken moon and reach greener pastures. If there were any left after the republic was finished with their “cleaning”. Rex just hoped this trash bin wouldn’t be their excuse of a grave as it fell from the sky. He chuckled bitterly at that thought.

Below the ship stood the remains of R7, the only brave soldier left on this rock. He had helped them survive, sacrificing himself in the process. If he could, he would award him for his service, but before that he had to be repaired, if that even was possible and there was something left of his memory sticks to reboot off of. Every compartment on the Y-Wing was already filled with technical components they had found and which seemed to be still working well enough, as well as rations for at least a few days. Blankets, tools, reminders of their past, everything was jammed in there and for now there were only the blunt shovel and a few sets of clone jumpers left to also find their place.

He stuffed them inside where there was space not caring for the order they had begun to implement. If his training officers could see him now, they would punish him severely. But they weren’t here, and he was not part of the GAR anymore. He was just Rex now. He could feel his gut fall to his knees and his hands became clammy. Not in the GAR anymore? What was he then? The only thing he knew how to do was fight. The only moment he was at peace with himself was when he could hold his weapons high and proud, storming at the front of his men. But that was not only true for him he realized.

Turning around he looked at Ahsoka's back again. Her form was illuminated by the fire around them, making shadows dance on her grey and mangled battle dress, cloaking her in an aura of mystery. Before she had left the order, he has had a pretty good idea of what was going on in her head during times like this. But now, he wasn’t so sure of it anymore. The Jedi had been proclaimed to be the peacekeepers of this galaxy, the knights for the poor and distressed, but he and every Jedi in their right mind knew better. They had been groomed to be the soldiers they were now. The soldiers they had died as. There was nothing else the remaining ones knew better than war, as he and his brothers did. They were nothing without the war, the conflict that had led them all to thrive in this gruesome galaxy. The knights of blood they had become. And he was sure she had already seen through that as well. Maybe even sooner than any of the rest.

This connected the clones and the jedi in a further much more disturbing way he realized. Ahsoka has been better off, after she had left the order and lived her life away from war and conflict, at least as far as he was aware. But this was still a big part of her, something that wouldn’t disappear just like that.

Watching her stand above the graves was mesmerizing to say the least. The play of light and her cloak flying in the wind, while the debris burned around them, had him at a loss of breath. Rex stared at her for a long time, not able to move or speak to her. Only the subtle “plonk” of her lightsabre hitting the ground before her, pulled him from his stupor, making him instantly stand at attention, his training shining through. Slowly she turned around her tired blue eyes aimlessly darting around the wreckage, as in search for somewhere to run to and escape through until they met his own. He could see the darkness he felt inside of himself stare back at him lurking behind her once ocean blue eyes which now where clouded by pain and regret. She was as lost as he was, exhausted and destroyed.

They stared at one another for a long moment, communicating without words, as they so often did in better times. He could only make his body move forward, after everything was said between them. The closer he got the more she began to shake and finally her legs gave out from under her. If it wasn’t for his trained reflexes, she would have hit the ground before he was even able to catch her crumbling self.

“‘Soka! You alright?” he panicked as she lay in his arms, eyes closed.

“…” She did not say anything, she did not need to. She just laid in his arms, her head falling against his breast plate while breathing heavily. She was exhausted beyond comprehension. Rex understood. The ordeal of digging the graves as well as the steady barrage of feelings through the force which was tormenting her. She had told him before they began, that she was feeling and hearing the screams and the pain of all the Jedi in the galaxy as they cried out in their desperate battle against the clones, the soldiers they had once called their friends. She could constantly feel them through the force and only try to withstand their pain and peril. Rex was not sure how this force thing really worked and why it was so cruel to show her such things now, but it ultimately did not matter. The bundle in his arms formerly known as Ahsoka Tano needed his help and that was all that he needed to know. She had endured all of this all this time until they were finished laying everyone to rest. She deserved some peace. Some rest.

Ahsoka did not seem to notice what was going on anymore, she just thrashed in his arms mumbling soothing words and apologies to whatever she was seeing and hearing. She had trusted him to take care of her while she gave into this madness, and he was not even beginning to think about disappointing this trust she had bestowed onto him. Slowly he rose again her body steady in his arms held close to his own. He was astonished for how small she seemed. His friend, his commander the powerful and energetic package of a women jedi he never dared to underestimate, was just as small as a child leaning into him, occasionally grabbing at his armour as in search of the safety and help he could give her. He did not like to see her like this, but he couldn’t help her if they stayed here.

Without another word he stared one last time at the graves of his fallen brothers giving his silent farewell and gratitude before turning around walking back to the ship. Laying her in the backseat was not as easy as he had hoped without a ladder to go up to the co-pilots seat, but he somehow managed while pulling a muscle or two though. Not that that mattered. He gently laid her in the seat, buckelt her in and threw one of the blankets they had salvaged over her still uneasily moving form. After removing her from his body she seemed to be disappointed, and her hand was searching for him and his contact desperately. This let him feel something, a pang in his chest, he was not even ready to think about again. Those feelings were not what neither of them needed right now. He whispered soothing words to her and told her what he was up to and that they would leave the moon now. Wherever her mind was, she still seemed to understand what he was saying in some way, as her search for him halted, a little begrudgingly so though, as she grumbled and hid her hand beneath the blanket. He couldn't stop the little smile to appeare on his face as he saw this. 'Cute' he thought, but immediately shook his head and went about packing up.

Rex took it upon himself to not make her wait for too long. He jumped down to the ground where he now only had R7 left to tend to and somehow bring up into the ship, which took him longer than he would have liked to admit. Sweating and completely exhausted after long minutes of dragging the robot’s parts around he fell into the cockpit's seat unsure if he could hold himself awake long enough to not trash the thing while they were still inside. But well, the answer was easy; he had to. End of story. The hatch was closed, and the engines were engaged. Everything looked to be fine, nothing seemed to come off the ship or catch on fire, so he was a little hopeful they would make it to somewhere else before this mangled ship finally broke apart completely.

Starting the last systems and ascending to the skies, Rex noticed he had no idea where he should fly, where they should or even could go. The inner worlds were out of the question, they were too heavily guarded, and the troopers would search all of those planets for sure. The outer rim was the only place they could go realistically, to vanish somewhere under the radar, but where to? As soon as they made their way out of the orbit, the decision was taken from him though, as the ships warning systems began to erupt with loud and repetitive beeps signalling system failures. They could not fly into hyperspace using something like that and the nearest ball of rocks they could get to, was the planet the moon they just left orbited, so this was their best shot now.

This was not going to be a smooth landing though. Rex was not the best pilot to begin with and in his condition to be thrown into a situation like this was not helpful either. For once he was grateful to the Kaminoans as his programming kicked in and he managed to somehow manoeuvre the ship to stay on course. It shook terribly and he could see some metal pieces fall off and burn as they made their way into the atmosphere of the unknown planet. He was just hoping that those were no essential parts to the ship. But then, he remembered many landings by Anakin with even less ship to speak of and they ended somewhat fine.

The breaks did not work fast enough as he saw the surface approaching faster and faster. His heart was beating triple time. He did not know what systems had failed, their ship just had stopped accelerating and was pulled in by the planets gravitational pull, making them fall onto it. They were just like a rock falling from space. Without something to stop them they would crash into it full throtle and surely explode into nothingness. To add to this, suddenly the engine died and he could hear only his heartbeat drum in his ears.

His mind in panic Rex turned around to ask Ahsoka what to do, but was immediately halted as he saw her. She was still lying within the blanket he had wrapped her up in, her head lolling from side to side, her eyes closed. She seemed to still be trapped in her mind as he concentrated on her lips, which seemed to form words he could not hear over the busted intercom. He could make out one word and one word only "Rex". She was saying his name, she was trusting in him and he was not ready to say goodbye to her yet.

With a new found vigour he returned forward and let his training take over as he pulled out some panels of the console before him, ripping away cables and binding some together, before hitting the engine button again. For situations like this they had learned how to overwrite the ship and divert all power to the engines and steering at the cost of all other systems. The kaminoans were meticulous like that, thankfully. It took two tries as his heart almost exploded from his chest, until the engine howled back to live and he immediately pulled at the controls to slow them down. 

He could feel the pull from the ship, as it began to resist gravity and he felt as if his face would be ripped off. But the ground, which was so rapidly approaching before, now was coming closer at a much more bearable speed. As all other systems but the engine were offline, he could not extract the landing gear, so the landing itself still would be hard, but they would survive it and hopefully with the help of Ahsoka they could get the ship to fly again, at least to somewhere safer then here.

With one last glance behind at the small form of Ahsoka, still thrashing about, he hoped for the best and tried to land the ship without hitting too much of the foliage. Holding his breath, the Y-Wing hit a few trees, unearthing them before touching the ground itself. The impact was hard and Rex could taste blood, as his chin was knocked against his breast blate, making his head spin. The ship slid for a few meters, as Rex had let go of the steering wheel, going into a protective pose.

As it finally slid to a stop, he was pulled against the seat belt as all movement ceased and everything became silent, only the ringing in his head remained. His vision was blurred and he couldn't make out any of the forms he could see within and outside the cockpit. Groaning he held his head and slowly regained a semblance of control, as he fought against the massive headache he had mustered. As the ringing subsided a bit, he could hear the ship squeaking and leeking compressed air from the battered mechanics.

He snapped his head back in fear, giving himself whiplash. Again. But to his amazement, Ahsoka seemed to be fine. At least from a physical standpoint, as far he could see through two planes of glass and the night in between. She still was not really conscious or rather she was multi-conscious, or whatever she was experiencing. Rex didn't know, and right now there were more important problems. The cockpit's lid was a bit hard to open, as it had wetched itself into the ships deformed hull, but with a few kicks it sprang open and let Rex breath in the fresh cold air of the planet they had landed on.

Taking in a few deep breaths, to calm his nerves and free his head, he looked around and took in the scenery. There wasn't much to see, as it was night on this planet, and only the stars and the interior lighting of the cockpit rendered some illumination. What he could see, were lush green trees, heavy and straight. Grown to incredible heights with thick foliage. Even if he milled a path into this forest with the ship, the remaining trees should allow for a well enough cover, so they couldn't be spotted too easily. On the ground he could see a lot of plants and the occasional glistening of eyes, as the wildlife seemed interested on what disturbed their slumber so rudely.

Turning around he could make out the silhouette of something mountain like towering into the sky not far from their possition. This was good, maybe he could find a place for them to rest there, a cave or ravine they could make camp for the night in. But before that, he had to make sure Ahsoka was alright and solicit her help, if she was able to move yet. Her cockpit was easier than his, he could just pull the lever and it opened automatically as it should.

Within lay Ahsoka, her breathing laboured and her face crunshed up in pain and trenched in sweat. Murmuring undefinable things, as her voice rumbled way deeper than he was accustomed to.

"A-Ahsoka?" He asked her, his own voice raspy and coarse, his mouth dry and vocal cords long unused. "Can you hear me?" He didn't get a reply, just as he guessed. She was still too far gone. He cuped her small face with his hand, as it almost disappeard within it and looked it over for any bruising after the harsh landing he had pulled off just now. But he couldn't make out any wounds or bleeding thankfully. He would have checked her body too, a routine check he conducted on his soldiers and her thousands of times before, but right now it felt wrong. They weren't soldiers anymore and her breathing had evened out a bit since he began looking her over, which gave him another pang to his heart. For a long moment he was transfixed on her face. It was beatiful. The Orange skin with the white markings. Fair and soft. All the pain they and she had expirienced edged into it.

For a moment there was only he Rex and her Ahsoka. No ship, no planet, no war. Only them. He slowly moved his other hand up to her face as well, as he gently brushed away some of the sweat from her forhead and let his finger ghost over some of her markings. He never had the chance to look at them this close and directly. Why should he had? But now he was unable to hold himslf back. He was in aww. The clones were fascinated with anything they didn't know or posses, so the female Togruta commander had always spurt some interest in all of his brothers and even if he never admited to it - much to Fives amusement - he was no different. Lost in his musings, he didn't notice her eyes slowly open and stare back at him with wonder.

He let his glove glad fingers glide over her face, whishing he had taken them off beforehand, to really feel her. To feel the pulse beneath her skin and her warmth. Through the thin material he was almost able to, but not quite and it was irking him. But he kept going, following the flow of white over her brows and cheeks. Until his thumb was millimeters from her mouth and with a little hesitation he let it glide over her lips, as they partet slightly, showing him her long and sharp canines, glistening in the faint light. Still transfixed his eyes made their way back to hers and his heart stopped cold as he saw hers staring back at him her pupils blown out and dilated, unblinking and curious.

For a moment he wished to be back at the graves of his brothers to reconsider and shot himself still, as his mouth went try and his movements halted. They stared at one another for a few seconds, before he could feel her soft bouncy lips move under his thumb, as sanity flodded back to him and he realized what he was doing to her. To his commander. To his friend. He was about to rip his hands from her face, but her faint voice halted him once again.

"Rex... What are you doing~?" Her melodic and tired voice asked and his head went beet red as he slowly losened his grip from her face. "Don't..." She said as she held his hand there with hers. Her small fingers not able to cover them in the slightest. She nuzzled her face into his hands as she closed her eyes. He wasn't sure, but he could swear he heard a purr. Before he could think too much about it, her eyes opened again and looked at him intently, freezing him in place.

"What happend?" She asked, some confusion now laced into her words as her eyes began to dart around the unfamiliar surroundings. Rex swallowed the lump in his throat and calmed down his beating heart somewhat. He didn't know what to do, but he couldn't stay silent any longer.

"I crashed the ship..." He answerd with a small voice and avoided her eyes, as they spun back to him. His hands which she still held to her face, felt a slight smile appear, as she just nodded.

"I see... You okay?" She asked then, as she let go of his hands and he finally could let them fall down away from her. Not that he wanted to. He wanted to keep the connection, but it wasn't right. It wasn't his place. His mind hadn't long to ponder, as he felt her warm hands cup his face, which she pulled closer to hers, looking him straight in the eyes and over his face. He could feel it burn up once again as she looked him over, scrutinizing, her breath hitting his nose. She was way to close. This was dangerous. 

He pulled away from her in a explosive motion, sitting up straight, making her look up at him in surprise.

"I-I am fine commander!" He said, a bit too loud, as he fidgeted slightly under her gaze.

"That's good." She smiled "... What were you doing?" She repeated her earlier question, with her big eyes blinking innocently up at him, a slight lopsided smile on her face.

"I-I was checking for... wounds... Yeah, wounds... from the harsh landing." He stuttered, trying to rationalize it more for himself than for her.

"On my face?" She asked innocently, "And in my mouth too~?" her voice dangerously sweet as she smiled and showed him her sharp teeth, which glistened in the star light. He wasn't sure, if this was to threaten him, or if she was toying with him, teasing him. No matter. His mind was blank and he was thoroughly out of ideas.

"I... I am sorry." He sad defeated as he hung his head in shame and deflated. He could hear her chuckle, which made him even more self aware of his strange behaviour. After a few seconds he allowed himself to gaze up again, seeing her smiling face. It almost was soothing, but suddenly her body tensed and covulsed as she let out a long groan.

"Ahsoka!" Rex exclaimed, as his hand instinctively shot up to her face again and cupped her cheek holding it up, in search of her eyes. They were half lidded and he could make out her strangled breathing, as her eyes tried to focus on him again.

"R-Rex?" She said in a shuddering tone, sounding fragile like she would turn to dust and disappear with the next gust of wind, if he was not careful and let her go. 

"Yes Ahsoka! I am here. Is eveything alright?" He asked, full of fear, not noticing his lack of honorifics as he just stared wideeyed at the weak and small form below him, his mind not accepting her to be the same Ahsoka Tano, who had saved his live time and time again and could destroy droid battalions on her own.

"Please... don't leave me..." Ahsoka whispered, as her whole body trembled. If not before, now Rex could feel his heart shatter into a million pieces at the sight, as he completely beside himself climbed into the cockpit and scouped her up into his arms, placing her on his lap, arms holding her form tightly to his chest.

"Never." He whispered directly into the Lekku right below his head, as he nuzzled his face into it. It felt so wrong and so right at the same time, to hold her like this, to be this close to her. But he had crossed so many lines by now, what was one more? Ahsokas trembling subsided some as she felt his embrace and he could feel her slowly but surely relax in his arms.

"I can still feel them... They are still dying Rex." She huffed, as she made herself even smaller like little animal hiding in his lap. Rex didn't like this. He didn't like this at all. Ahsoka needed to rest and this force thing still was showing her these images. But what could he do? He was just a mere clone.

"What can I do 'Soka? How can I help?" He asked, as he held onto her trying to think of anything. But their possibilities were limited on this unknown planet and in the state their ship and they temselves were in. His inability to do anything was almost too overwhelming to bear.

"Can we stay here for a few hours... like this?" She asked after a while. Rex could feel his ears heat up and his face redden at the implications of her wanting to stay in this cockpit in his lap for a few hours even. He shook his head vigorously trying to get his mind out of the gutter as he collected his thoughts and cleared his throat.

"I-It's quite dark out there and the trees give us good cover, so we can't be detected from orbit that easily. We can close the lid and be save from whatever lurks out there and maybe overwrite some of the systems, so we have heat and fresh air in here." He began to rationalize their situation, trying to convince himself more than her, that this was a good idea. "Until sunrise, we could stay here and probably be quite save... Well as save as fugitives of the Republic can be. We would have to move and decide what to do, fairly quickly though, once the sun rises. And if someone is after us already, I don't think we would be save anywhere on this planet so close to the moon we've just been on."

"So... Is that a yes?" Ahsoka asked, a slight chuckle in her voice.

"Yes. I guess it is." Rex concluded, his head burning and his nerves flairing. No matter the circumstances, this was an option for them to take. They could also search for a cave, but in this bad lighting situation and with only half of their workforce in good enough shape to do anything, it would be hard to relocate and create a save perimiter there.

In here, they at least would have the protection of the ship, to shield them from some attacks and dangers. It wasn't perfect, but the more he pondered, and the more he felt his heavy and tired limbs and the warm Togruta in his lap, the more it seemed passable for now. Before he could think much further, he could feel Ahsoka tense in his lap again as she let's out a sharp gasp. Her arms wrapped around him and he could hear his armour strain at the pure strength she could muster.

He felt like puking. All of this was not right. None of it should have happened. They should have looked through the plan of the chancellor or better the Sith lord named Sidious. Only thinking of that name, filled his heart with venom. If he ever would get the chance, he would kill him personally. Slowly, returning everything he had done to the clones, the jedi and the republic. Calming his nerves back down, he returned his mind to the problem at hand, and for now that was to get both of them into working order again, so they could get away from this planet. Slowly he tried to untangle himself from her.

"Don't leave!" Ahsoka almost screamed once he began to move, making him stop immedieatly, noticing that he hadn't informed her of what he wanted to do.

"I won't leave you 'Soka... I just wanted to get some rations up here, so we can eat and drink while we're in here." Saying it, returned the floaty feeling in his stomach and the heat in his face, but he hoped that she would understand. "I am back in two seconds." He said, and felt her loosen her grip on him just enough so he could slide out from under her and climb out off the cockpit. He didn't let it show, but he heard her little whisper of "You better" and tried to not make it obvious how his heart melted at her cuteness.

Quickly he jumped on the ground, looking around the crashsite. There he was met with some broken off metal and destroyed foliage, but all in all, everything seemed better than he would have hoped for after crashing the way he did. Taking a quick look around the ship he couldn't find anything which seemed to immediately need his attention to keep them save. So to not waste any more time, he jumped to one of the compartments in hope it survived. Luckily the storage was still in takt, so he grabed some ration sticks and water canisters, as well as few more blankets and a new clone jumper for each of them.

Happy with his salvage, he closed the compartment and made his way back up to Ahsoka. She was as he left her, if a bit more burried in the blanket. With a slight smile, he threw the other blankets on top of her, making her completely disappear, before placing the rations in the footwell.

"This should be enough for now. You alright? You need anything else while I'm still out here?" He asked her with sincerity and a slight chuckle while looking at her huddled up form, which hasn't made the effort yet to crawl out of her blanket fort. It took a moment before the unidentifiable mass under the blankets moved far enough and her face appeared from one end, her eyes still almost closed and her voice weak.

"Can... Can you get out of your armour?" Rex almost fell down the ship at that as he sputtered and chocked on his own spit, coughing slightly. "It's not comfy." Ahsoka continued unimpressed by his antics, before she moved back into the blankets a bit more, atill shivering somehow.

"I... but commander... I don't know if that would be such a great idea." Rex began as many thougts raced through his head, most of which explicit in nature.

"Why not?" the Ahsoka blanket creature asked, to which Rex would have liked to scream out loud why not. He was able to dismantle a battle droid with his bare hands unflinching and with brutal accuracy, but to explain to his commander, how being almost naked with her could be a problem, was above his mental capacity. Was she aware of what she was asking? Was she teasing him? No, that was unlikely in her state, but still. The only way out would be to be honest.

"Well you see... I would be almost naked then. My blacks the only thing left and... they're skin tight." He concluded with a beet red head.

"And?" he could hear Ahsoka's small and tired voice ask.

"And?" he repeated.

"What is the problem? I don't have a problem with it. I... want to feel you, not your armour." She specified.

Rex could feel his head explode. She couldn't be serious. But he could also delay no longer, if he didn't want to tell her, that her butt in his almost naked lap, would be what is problematic. With a sigh he relentet, not uninterestes in the idea per sei and acknowledging that sleeping out of his armour sounded better than the alternative. 

He sat on the hull of the ship and began dismenteling his armour and placed the parts on the pilot's seat in the front cockpit. First his bracers and gloves, which just clipped open at one point flipping them in two. Followed by his cauldron which he pulled over his head. His upper body armour had a few more clasps, but after a few trained hand movements he had the front and back seperated and upper arms unclad, which he also placed in the cockpit.

For the first time in a while, he could feel the air hit his bare skin and the blacks, which lay skin tight on his upper body. He understood now, why Ahsoka was freezing, as the climate regulator of his armour was disabled now and he could feel the cold creep in every cravize. He shuddered slightly, as he looked himself over. Old habbit, to make sure there was no wound, he didn't notice before. His blacks were immaculate though, no cut he could see, but still his body was battered and his muscles screamed for rest. Under the blacks he imagined to find many bruises.

"Your pants too." he could hear Ahsokas small voice, as he focused on her again. He could see her cat-like predator eyes shine from under the blankets, the only thing visible of her in the night, as she must have watched the whole show. Rex felt his face heat up once again as he contemplated.

"It hurts my butt. Please take it off." Ahsoka whined and Rex oblidged. Quickly, he threw off the armour around his legs and pulled his blistered feet from his boots, letting out a sigh at the feeling of freedom. His eyes closed as he enjoyed it for a moment, until he felt his body shudder under the freezing temperatures.
                                                                                                                                  
"Come on... it's freezing." Ahsoka said with a sweet voice, as she moved a bit to the side, so he could step inside. He hesitated a bit, but got moving, there was no backing out now.

"Ah... but can you help me first?" Ahsoka asked and he stilled looking at her questioningly? He wasn't sure, but he could swear she blushed when she asked, but that probably was just his imagination. Slowly Ahsoka pushed away the blankets until she sat there only clad in her blue battledress and gray cape. The cape had seen better days, as it was burned at several spots and worn down quite heavily. Rex mused looking her up and down, before coming up to her face again. She seemed more flustered than before. What could she want his help with?

"I... I am too tired to do it alone... Can... can you help me... take off my armour as well?" She asked, her eyes darting back and forth between him and the inside the cockpit. Rex laughed out loud at her antics, his own nerves calmed now, as he saw the blushing mess before him.

"I-It's not funny!... Please... Di'kut!" she sulked a bit with a faint smile. Rex only nodded his head, as he stepped into the cockpit again and knelt down before her as best as he could. Nerves returning a bit. But he could rationalize away what he was doing right now. He was just helping his hurt commander out of her armour. Nothing more. With practiced touches he unclasped her cloak and threw it behind him into the other cockpit. He wasn't as familier with her armour type as he was with his own, but it didn't take long for him to figure out what to do. All the while Ahsoka watched him as he worked. He could hear her breathing. It became faster and faster. Maybe she had another vision again? Slowly he unbuckled her bracers and slid them off her hands. Next he opened her belt. His hands shook by now again, as he tried to concentrate on his task. Once the belt has been opened, she lifted herself up a bit, so he could pull out her lower body armour in one go, only consiting of a few plates to protect her sides and butt. Those he also threw over into the other cockpit and looked up at her again. His face became a bit more red, as he saw her now. She just was clad in a dark blue dress and her leggings, the dress losely hugging her body, making her proportions pop out to him. He swallowed hard.

"The... The boots too... please" Ahsoka asked as they locked eyes again. Without another word he went back to his task as he opened her high boots and slid them off of her feet. He could hear her sigh once they were off, smiling, as he knew the feeling all to well. The boots were off quickly and the little knee protectors slid away easily. He looked at her again and she just nodded with approvement. He smiled and stood again. Unsure what to do now.

"Come here~" Ahsoka said, as she slid to the side and Rex oblidged, his mind all but gone. He sat down on the chair and saw Ahsoka hesitate only for a moment, before she tried to lift herself ontop of him. He helped her out a bit and placed her on his lap sideways. The warmth was the first thing he felt, after came the pressure. She nuzzled herself into him and he closed his arms around her. It felt like this was meant to be. As if she should be right there in his arms. She fit perfectly and her scent wafted up into his nose, making his head spin.

"A-Ashoka I have to close the lid and... and start the live support before we go to sleep. You need to move a bit." Ahsoka lifted her head and looked at him with a little pout. She was not about to leave her confy spot again, was what he read in her demeanor and then she did something he didn't expect. She lifted herself a bit and opened her legs. Facing him she sat down again, stradling him. Her body pressed to his, as her arms snaked behind his back pulling him even closer. Rex almost fainted. She was too close. And such a pose? But he understood what she was doing, he had better movement like this. With a deep sigh, he concentrated once again and pressed a few buttons on the side, which made the lid close automatically fortunately. He bend forward, which pressed her down into his lap even more, making him groan slightly. A few trembling button presses later, the air was coming in through the vents. Sitting back down he pulled up two of the blankets and wrapped them around themselves, letting his hands rest around her back and on her thighs.

Now that he had nothing else to do, the situation became clear to him and he could feel his body react. She sat too close. Her scent was to strong and the by now noticable purring which vibrated her body didn't help his predicament. She would feel him for sure. And she did. She also began grinding into it, soliciting a low moan from him as it rumbled in his throat. To this Ahsoka lifted her head and looked into his eyes. Her mouth was slightly open and she was biting her lip and her eyes glistened dangerously as they were transfixed on his own, pupils dilated. Lust clearly written all over her features. This was going to be a long night he realised as she closed her face in on his. 