Star Wars/Oneshots/Lost in the Aftermath (Pre-series)/README.md, before:

# Lost in the Aftermath - Summary

Order 66 is finally happening. Jedi are dying all over the galaxy, as the clones forced by their biochips deal the killing blow for the chancellor and mastermind of the whole three year conflict between the Republic and the Confederacy. On an unknown moon Ahsoka Tano and Rex are left to bury the dead. Their friends who had no choice but to fight them, intent on the kill. They tried to save them, but there was no time as the Tribunal fell from the sky and crashed into the moon. Distraught they pulled some of the corpses from the wreckage and buried them, giving them their last farewell. But the ordeal is not over yet. Ahsoka is plagued with visions the force pushes on her, she feels all the Jedi around the galaxy die and cry out in peril. It is on Rex to keep her save and try to find a place for them to rest. But not everything goes as planned. Old feelings resurface as the need for comfort arises and the two idiots begin to close in on themselves. They deserve some rest. Together.

# Tags
Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings

## Fandoms
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- CT-7567 | Rex/Ahsoka Tano
- CT-7567 | Rex & Ahsoka Tano
- CT-5597 | Jesse & CT-7567 | Rex

## Characters
- Ahsoka Tano
- CT-7567 | Rex

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - Suicidal Thoughts
> - Self-Worth Issues
> - War
> - Canonical Character Death
> - Implied Sexual Content
> - Unresolved Sexual Tension
> - Dry Humping

- Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
- Ahsoka Tano-centric
- CT-7567 | Rex-centric
- Protective Ahsoka Tano
- Protective CT-7567 | Rex
- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- One Shot
- Ahsoka Tano Needs a Hug
- CT-7567 | Rex Needs a Hug
- Hurt Ahsoka Tano
- Ahsoka Tano Gets a Hug
- Fluff and Smut
- Romantic Fluff
- Fanged Togruta (Star Wars)
- Force Visions (Star Wars)
- The Force Ships It (Star Wars)
- They are so cute
- They deserve some love

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is:

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: 
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

For the poll on which One-shot I make into a series first, you can follow this link:

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)  

# Oneshot
- [Lost in the Aftermath](/Star%20Wars/Oneshots/Lost%20in%20the%20Aftermath%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Star%20Wars/README.md)

Commit message:

Update after first poll has ended

Star Wars/Oneshots/Lost in the Aftermath (Pre-series)/README.md, after:

# Lost in the Aftermath - Summary

Order 66 is finally happening. Jedi are dying all over the galaxy, as the clones forced by their biochips deal the killing blow for the chancellor and mastermind of the whole three year conflict between the Republic and the Confederacy. On an unknown moon Ahsoka Tano and Rex are left to bury the dead. Their friends who had no choice but to fight them, intent on the kill. They tried to save them, but there was no time as the Tribunal fell from the sky and crashed into the moon. Distraught they pulled some of the corpses from the wreckage and buried them, giving them their last farewell. But the ordeal is not over yet. Ahsoka is plagued with visions the force pushes on her, she feels all the Jedi around the galaxy die and cry out in peril. It is on Rex to keep her save and try to find a place for them to rest. But not everything goes as planned. Old feelings resurface as the need for comfort arises and the two idiots begin to close in on themselves. They deserve some rest. Together.

# Tags
Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings

## Fandoms
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- CT-7567 | Rex/Ahsoka Tano
- CT-7567 | Rex & Ahsoka Tano
- CT-5597 | Jesse & CT-7567 | Rex

## Characters
- Ahsoka Tano
- CT-7567 | Rex

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - Suicidal Thoughts
> - Self-Worth Issues
> - War
> - Canonical Character Death
> - Implied Sexual Content
> - Unresolved Sexual Tension
> - Dry Humping

- Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
- Ahsoka Tano-centric
- CT-7567 | Rex-centric
- Protective Ahsoka Tano
- Protective CT-7567 | Rex
- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- One Shot
- Ahsoka Tano Needs a Hug
- CT-7567 | Rex Needs a Hug
- Hurt Ahsoka Tano
- Ahsoka Tano Gets a Hug
- Fluff and Smut
- Romantic Fluff
- Fanged Togruta (Star Wars)
- Force Visions (Star Wars)
- The Force Ships It (Star Wars)
- They are so cute
- They deserve some love

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is: https://www.instagram.com/kajirobachi/

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: https://github.com/kajirobachi/fanfictions
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

The poll has been closed by now and a winner has been chosen. For more information you can look on my Instagram. All the fics will be made into a series eventually though.

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)  

# Oneshot
- [Lost in the Aftermath](/Star%20Wars/Oneshots/Lost%20in%20the%20Aftermath%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Star%20Wars/README.md)
