Star Wars/Oneshots/I am not leaving again (Pre-series)/README.md, before:

# I am not leaving again - Summary

It's been four months since Ahsoka has left the Jedi order behind and started a new path on her journey. Together with the Martez sisters she began to build a new life for herself, but in the back of her mind, she never forgot what she had left behind. Who she had left behind. She ignored the guilt and thoughts of her past and pressed on, until at one night she could feel a disturbance through her bond with her old master. The bond has been docile for a while, but it was still there. This night though, it almost snapped. Without a second thought she made her way to the temple to search for her master. Anakin was still alive. She had to believe that. But it had been long enough since she cut her ties and left him behind. She wouldn't do so again. She wouldn't repeat that mistake! On her journey she would meet a lot of her old friends and rekindle a lot of friendships. And where friendship once was, there maybe would even blossom something more, something greater. But first she had to find her Di'kut of a master to even begin her reconciliation. Would everything work out this time?

# Tags
Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings

## Fandoms
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Anakin Skywalker/Ahsoka Tano
- Anakin Skywalker & Ahsoka Tano
- Obi-Wan Kenobi/Anakin Skywalker
- Rafa Martez & Trace Martez & Ahsoka Tano

## Characters
- Ahsoka Tano
- Anakin Skywalker
- Obi-Wan Kenobi
- Jedi Temple Guard Characters (Star Wars)
- Original Characters

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - Drug Abuse
> - Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
> - Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
> - References to Depression
> - Self-Worth Issues
> - Mental Health Issues

- Past Padmé Amidala/Anakin Skywalker
- Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
- Ahsoka Tano-centric
- POV Ahsoka Tano
- Protective Ahsoka Tano
- BAMF Ahsoka Tano
- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Sad
- One Shot
- Explicit Language
- Anakin Skywalker Needs a Hug
- Hurt Anakin Skywalker
- Anakin Skywalker Has Issues
- Sad Anakin Skywalker
- Protective Obi-Wan Kenobi
- The Jedi Order is a mess 
- Ahsoka for president

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is:

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: 
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

For the poll on which One-shot I make into a series first, you can follow this link:

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)

# Oneshot
- [I am not leaving again](/Star%20Wars/Oneshots/I%20am%20not%20leaving%20again%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Star%20Wars/README.md)

Commit message:

Update after first poll has ended

Star Wars/Oneshots/I am not leaving again (Pre-series)/README.md, after:

# I am not leaving again - Summary

It's been four months since Ahsoka has left the Jedi order behind and started a new path on her journey. Together with the Martez sisters she began to build a new life for herself, but in the back of her mind, she never forgot what she had left behind. Who she had left behind. She ignored the guilt and thoughts of her past and pressed on, until at one night she could feel a disturbance through her bond with her old master. The bond has been docile for a while, but it was still there. This night though, it almost snapped. Without a second thought she made her way to the temple to search for her master. Anakin was still alive. She had to believe that. But it had been long enough since she cut her ties and left him behind. She wouldn't do so again. She wouldn't repeat that mistake! On her journey she would meet a lot of her old friends and rekindle a lot of friendships. And where friendship once was, there maybe would even blossom something more, something greater. But first she had to find her Di'kut of a master to even begin her reconciliation. Would everything work out this time?

# Tags
Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
Choose Not To Use Archive Warnings

## Fandoms
Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008) - All Media Types

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Anakin Skywalker/Ahsoka Tano
- Anakin Skywalker & Ahsoka Tano
- Obi-Wan Kenobi/Anakin Skywalker
- Rafa Martez & Trace Martez & Ahsoka Tano

## Characters
- Ahsoka Tano
- Anakin Skywalker
- Obi-Wan Kenobi
- Jedi Temple Guard Characters (Star Wars)
- Original Characters

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - Drug Abuse
> - Alcohol Abuse/Alcoholism
> - Implied/Referenced Self-Harm
> - References to Depression
> - Self-Worth Issues
> - Mental Health Issues

- Past Padmé Amidala/Anakin Skywalker
- Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence
- Ahsoka Tano-centric
- POV Ahsoka Tano
- Protective Ahsoka Tano
- BAMF Ahsoka Tano
- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Sad
- One Shot
- Explicit Language
- Anakin Skywalker Needs a Hug
- Hurt Anakin Skywalker
- Anakin Skywalker Has Issues
- Sad Anakin Skywalker
- Protective Obi-Wan Kenobi
- The Jedi Order is a mess 
- Ahsoka for president

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is: https://www.instagram.com/kajirobachi/

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: https://github.com/kajirobachi/fanfictions
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

The poll has been closed by now and a winner has been chosen. For more information you can look on my Instagram. All the fics will be made into a series eventually though.

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)  

# Oneshot
- [I am not leaving again](/Star%20Wars/Oneshots/I%20am%20not%20leaving%20again%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Star%20Wars/README.md)
