# Notes

- Considering that Yoda and the rest of the Jedi order never sensed that Palpatine was the Sith lord named Sidious, begs the question how that was possible.
    - Yoda and the others have a certain image of the sith and are not giving them the credit, that they could change or evolve. But that they did. The hybris and complacency of the jedi never even let them think about searching for the sith lord right in front of them. Never did they think about considering Palpatine as a threat.
    - As the Republic build Coruscant as the capital planet, they contacted the jedi and made them the protectors of the peace and of the republic. They should keep it in existence and protect its values. This inadvertently had the consequence, that the Jedi are subordinated by the senate in a certain way. They are civil servants and protectors of the republic. This Yoda wanted to protect and keep, as without it the order wouldn't exist, which results in the order not really allowing a political opinion, at least passively. 
    - Sidious together with Plagueis created a veil of darkness which should hide them and their presence from the jedi until they were ready to strike and make the final movements of their plan. This was incredibly successful and essentially made the Jedi order blind in the force, without them even noticing.
    - Mace Windu could feel certain breaks in the force and was aware of something sinister. Of a connection between Anakin, Obi-Wan and the Chancellor. He felt darkness around Palpatine, but only ever believed him to be controlled by the sith, not to be one himself. He did not get the council on his side with this till the very end, when it was too late already.

- What can be presumed to be inside the confidential report about Tup and Fives and the Biochips he found, almost uncovering order 66 early:
    - Fives’s Medical Records and Kaminoan Reports: The Republic’s records include detailed information about Fives’s medical examination and the discovery of the inhibitor chip in his brain. The Kaminoans logged the findings as related to "behavioral regulation" and "aggression management." This official explanation hides the chip’s true purpose, but the records show Fives’s resistance to their conclusions and his attempt to expose something more sinister.
    - The Official Incident Report: There’s a report documenting Fives’s "erratic" behavior and "mental instability" after he removed his chip, likely fabricated to discredit him. This document outlines the events leading to his confrontation with Chancellor Palpatine, as well as his subsequent death while "resisting" arrest. The report frames Fives as having gone rogue, attempting to suggest that his suspicions were the result of paranoia.
    - Rex's grievance report: Rex wrote and issued a grievance report after the death of Fives about the neglect of the matter and how this can be taken so lightly by the brass, but to no avail. It never led to anything as we so well know. I like to believe that it is included with the documents here with note about it being denied.

- Fives last talk with Rex and Anakin
    - Rex and Anakin go after Fives. He asks them to lower their weapons and they trust him enough to lay them aside.
    - Fives: General Skywalker, thank you. Thank you for trusting me. Now, have you come without troops? We have. Fives: Put down your weapons, then. Anakin: I don't think so, Fives. Please, sir! Please, I'm unarmed. ( lightsaber whooshes ) All right. I'm putting my pistols down. What are we here for, Fives? Fives: I need your help. I know you do. We know you're not well. It's been rough for you these past couple days. Fives: I'm not crazy! Please, please, just... just hear what I have to say. ( panting ) We're here to help you, Fives. Just come with us. Let us take you back to the Temple. ( beeping ) ( device whirring ) No! I just need you to listen to me. Please. I'm not really sure we have any other choice. I was framed because I know the truth... the truth about a plot, a massive deception. By whom? Well, there's a sinister plot in the works against the Jedi. I have proof of it. I can prove that everything that I know is true beyond a shadow of a doubt! Show me the evidence. The evidence is in here. It's... it's in here. It's in all of us, every clone. What is it? Organic chips built into our genetic code to make us do whatever someone wants, Even kill the Jedi. It's all in here. Let's just get you some help first. Then we can review everything. It'll be okay, Fives. We'll sort this out. Ah, you don't believe me! We're closing in on the target. Everyone be ready. Rex: Fives, we are listening to you. We only want to help. How do I know you're not tricking me? How do I know it won't be a trap? The Chancellor will try to kill me. I promise you that! The Chancellor? He's in on it! I don't know to what extent. But I know he orchestrated much of this. He told me in the medical bay! He told you? When you tried to assassinate him? You have gone too far, Fives. The Chancellor isn't capable of what you claim. He is! I swear to you, General. You have no idea... Stand down, soldier! Stand down! Get on your knees! No! No! No! Stay back! Don't do it! Don't do it, soldier! Get away from me! Fives, no! ( blaster fires ) ( grunts ) ( gasping ) ( choking ) Fives! Fives! Fives... Get this ray shield off! ( blaster fires ) Fives. Brother... Call for help! We need a medic! ( gasping ) Rex... Fives... This... it's bigger than any of us... than anything I could have imagined. I-I never meant to... I only wanted to do my duty. ( gasping ) Brother... Fives. Stay with me, Fives! Fives! The mission... the nightmares... they're... finally over. ( swelling dramatic music ) Fives? No, Fives. Come on, Fives, don't go! Stay with me. Stay with me. Fives! Fives! Don't go. No. Oh, no.

Read more at: https://tvshowtranscripts.ourboard.org/viewtopic.php?f=935&t=44145

[Back](/Star%20Wars/Series/I%20am%20not%20leaving%20again/Planing/README.md)