# Freezing 

Every day we are under its governance. The everlasting cycle of existence. Good days flow into bad, their thunder replaced by despair and grief; bad days flow into good, where happiness and gratitude replace the ill feeling of melancholy. Life is a natural blend of good and bad, a neutral wash of events and moments. But for Soma this blend darkened more and more. The cycle began to break apart. It had begun when he was only a mere child. The lethargy would creep into his soul, and he could only lie in his bed motionless until it would fade. It didn’t happen often. Not enough to raise a red flag to him or his father anyway, but the older he grew the more often it appeared and the worse it became. The bad slowly but surely eating away at the good, like a sickness uncured and undetected.

He never told anyone, not even Megumi who he considered his best friend. The best friend he never had and didn’t deserve. He wouldn’t want to burden anyone, her in the least. The dread and pain he would feel was overwhelming enough, there was no need to drag somebody else into these episodes with him.

But this night it was one of the worst episodes he had ever experienced. He felt empty, the joy sucked from his entire being, as he was staring out the window of his dorm room. The snowflakes had piled up, hiding their green garden in a blanket of white. His breath fogged up the window as he counted the new flakes, trickling past his eyes to be assimilated by the sheet of snow below. His heart had begun to ache utterly only to be replaced by a black hole soon after. No emotion seemed to reside in him anymore, every single one replaced by nothingness. This was new and this was frightening. Normally he would just grow sad and maybe his heart would ache a bit, but this feeling of utter emptiness scared him.

He rested his head against the window, desperately trying to think of something good, of something that would make him happy, something that could make him smile. There was nothing. Nothing he could think of, no person, no dish he could cook, no book, no film, no fantasy. It was just as dark and empty in his head as it was in his heart. He hated it. He could think all he wanted, there was nothing. Only when he deemed it futile, he was meet with a flare behind his inner eye. A blend of gold and purple, accompanied by a faint gust of warmth, as soon lost as it had appeared.

‘What…?’ He had no clue what his brain was trying to tell him. He tried to concentrate on that image, on that feeling. But nothing. Only the dark abyss within him echoing back his cries for relief. Whatever he had felt was gone. He gave up, raising his head and staring out the window again. The sun had long since disappeared and the night was dire, no moon or stars to be seen, hidden by the dark and full clouds. Snow falling ever the more.

He usually liked summer more than winter. The cold and darkness everyday eating away at him. But right now it kind of irked him, he wanted to go outside and walk in this snow, he wanted to feel it crunch beneath his feet and the cold air in his lungs. In his current desolate condition, he might as well. Normally it would take about a day to disappear again, but this time it felt like it would stay longer than that. Maybe even forever.

Looking around his room, everything seemed dull and colourless, all the food he had eaten seamed flavourless. All the laughs and smiles he had given at dinner were an act. All the flamboyant words to stifle Megumi’s concerns had been a lie. And he felt guilty. But he couldn’t tell her, he couldn’t tell them. He didn’t even know what to tell them. What was there to tell? He just hated himself and everything he did and stood for, and sometimes he just couldn’t hide it anymore and it had to come out. He knew, he had always known. He never had acknowledged till now and he was certainly not telling them of his revelation. He deserved to feel this way. He was nothing. Only the husk of someone impersonating someone else his entire life. Not the chef Yukihira Soma. Not the son of legendary Saiba Jōichirō. Just a nobody stumbling through life, with blind eyes and deaf ears, having long since forgotten why at all.

With a small sigh he reluctantly stood from the chair he had pulled up to the window he had sat bellow and trotted to his wardrobe. He fished out a jacket and pulled it over his slacks. He didn’t care about the old shirt and sweats he was wearing right now, not if it looked unruly and not if he would be freezing. Slowly he pulled on a pair of boots and left his room. Everything was dark, it was late at night after all. He sneaked around suppressing all his sounds. He didn’t need light; he knew the dorm in and out he knew where he had to step to not make a single screech and how to get to the main door unseen. In another life he may as well have been a shinobi.

Stepping outside into the cold night, his breath instantly condensed in front of his eyes, and he felt the cold creep into his entire being. It crawled up his baggy sweats and through the seams of his shirt, right into the dark emptiness that resided within him.

He could feel his body start to tremble, but this cold felt so right. So inviting. It almost felt comforting how it encased him within it. Slowly he began to walk. In no particular direction really, just down the path he was facing. The snow crunched beneath his feet and with every step he could feel the cold air blow up into his pants. He watched the path before him, only illuminated by some dim lamps scattered around in an aimless fashion. He was deep in thought. Why was he feeling this way? His brain told him he deserved it, and he felt that to be true, but why? Why does he feel so worthless? Why does he hate himself so much? And why does he hide it all the time, only to come out in bulk once his body was too overloaded by these suppressed thoughts and emotions. He had no answer, it made no sense to him, but this dread was real. What he felt was real. This void inside of him was real. And he was tired to deny it and smile a fake smile every day.

Why was he always trying to be the best? For whom did he want to be? For himself? No, he doubted that. As he remembered correctly, he didn’t even like cooking that much when he was a kid. He wasn’t even sure if he liked it right now. It was the only thing he had ever done, the only thing he was remotely good at. At least good enough to fool himself and his friends to believe that he could be the best. Impersonating his way up to be the first seat in Totsuki. He just wanted to disappear now. Vanish from the face of the earth, not having to cook anymore, not having to prove himself to anyone. Not even himself. Whoever that may be. Whomever had been behind the masks and charades he had been conducting. The thought of cooking sickened him. The bile rising in his hoarse throat, almost making him gag. Was he even still interested in taking over the Yukihira when he finished school? Does he want to stay here at Totsuki at all?

“Yu-Yukihira Soma?! What are you doing here?” He suddenly was propelled out of his spiralling mind by a familiar voice booming behind him. He had no idea where his feet had dragged him, so he let his eyes wander around. Soma didn’t recognize the area, not that he cared right now. He turned around until he was face to face with one Nakiri Erina. She was standing before him, her hands at her sides, huffing slightly. She was wearing a thick and warm-looking white jacket, which on her small form almost seemed like a coat, hanging down to her knees. She was wearing a bright red scarf and a white hat that only left some of her golden hair free to dance in the wind. And of course, she was wearing an angry and almost disgusted face looking at him, as she so often would. Well not as much anymore after he became first seat and practically forced her into the position of directress of the school. But it almost felt like home seeing her like this. Seeing that some things just didn’t change.

“Oh. Hey Nakiri.” He reluctantly produced with a small and hollow voice not reaching his usual bravado, while raising his hand in a solemn greeting. She seemed to be taken aback for a moment, his voice seemingly making her falter, surprise taking over her features. She quickly regained her venomous glare, not without a certain wary behind her eyes though. Much to Soma’s surprise. “Don’t ‘Hey’ me you buffoon. I asked you, what you are doing here?” She demanded again. And he once more had no answer for her. He didn’t even know where ‘here’ was exactly.

“Well, I was just walking around… must have gotten lost at some point.” He chuckled lightly, his voice still sounding hollow and far away. “I do not really know where I am honestly… so if you just point me back to the dormitory, I will be gone and leave you to… whatever you do out here this late.”

“T-That is none of your business! And what do you mean, you don’t know where you are?! Are you an idiot? Well, of course you are. Why do I even ask.”

Soma just kept staring at her, no sensible reaction to what she said, his face just looked as empty as he felt. Erina seemed to be not sure what to do with this. He normally would give her some contra and usually turn this around on her, but he just really didn’t care right now. Her face gave way to her worry. Her brows furrowed and her lips quivering with questions unasked. At another time he could almost imagine himself to find this display endearing. A small smile creeping on his face for a split second on that thought. *‘What am I thinking?’*

She seemed to be completely paralyzed by this situation and his far from usual display. He didn’t want to bother her, he just wanted to be alone and maybe wander into the woods to never return. For this he didn’t need the pity he could see flare up in her eyes. He didn’t need anyone. He didn’t deserve anyone. He just didn’t care anymore. He was tired of all this.

She still stood petrified as he looked around, making out the faint residue of his footprints in the snow. He knew which direction he came from now, although he didn’t know the way back. Still, he began walking in the direction his footprints were leading, trying to get away from this situation. To get away from her. He could not put it into words or even thought but being near her hurt. It brought back something within him, he didn’t want to think about right now. He just wanted to be empty and to be left alone. That was what he deserved. What he graved.

“W-Wait!” Her voice made him halt in his steps. It sounded so desperate and vulnerable. He never had heard her voice like that, and it irked and bothered him in ways he didn’t understand. He just stood there, staring at his feet, watching his wide sweatpants flailing in the wind.

“W-What is wrong with you?” He could hear her footsteps approaching while he stood motionless. “What happened to you?” She demanded with a trembling voice as she stood before him, blocking his way.

“Nothing” He curtly replied still staring at his boots, as if they were the most interesting thing in the universe. They slowly got covered in white as more and more snow fell from the sky. “I am fine.” He added after a moment of silence.

“Bullshit!” She spat, making him flinch the slightest bit. *‘At least she’s angry again’* he thought, *‘suits her better’*.

“Look at me.” She whispered, the anger and rage her voice held before replaced by a gentle almost motherly tone. He could feel himself tense at that. His heartbeat increased and his breathing became shallower. Why did he want to run? Why did he want to get away from her?

“Look at me!” She said again a bit sterner, but still with so much care. Why so much care all of a sudden? Why make him feel these things now, that he finally didn’t feel anymore? Now that he finally could be empty. Now that he understood that he must be empty.

“Soma…” She added while her hand found his chin, ignoring his recoil at her touch. “Don’t…” he heard himself whimper, trying to evade the sensation of her care on his skin. “Please… d-don’t.” he breathed. She still pulled his chin up until he faced her and was forced to look into her purple orbs.

The feeling from before returned as he now could see her deep purple caring eyes and her golden hair fly in front of them dancing in the wind illuminated by the faint light hanging above them, making her glow and seem ethereal. His breath caught in his throat at this beauty. The warmth he only faintly had felt then, now enveloping his heart, like a warm blanket. It only prevailed for a mere moment, before the darkness creeped back in, but all the wariness he had felt before disappeared. All the fight in him vanished and his tense muscles relaxed, as he submitted himself to her care. He could not deny her anymore. He would do as she said. He would let her guide him to wherever she saw fit.

Nakiri just stared into his eyes, searching his soul, making him feel naked beneath her gaze. Her other hand joined the first on his face, as she was now holding it at both sides wiping away the tears, he didn’t even notice falling. The pent-up pain flowing out of him. The traces of her cold fingers leaving only warmth, as he fought against leaning into her touch.

“Soma… W-What is going on?” She asked again. Her normal demeanor now completely gone. Replaced was her hatred by care, her superiority by confusion and the triumphant glint in her eyes by fear. Fear for what she was seeing. Fear for him.

“I…” his voice broke, his mind still racing but slowly calming down. This whirlwind inside of him stopped by her. By Nakiri Erina. “I…” He tried again, gulping down the lump in his throat and breathing away the pain in his chest. Her presence brought back all the feelings and emotions. But he couldn’t run away anymore. She was all that was holding him together now, his seams already straining.

“I-I am just so useless you know…” he choked his hollow voice still betraying his usual self, his dead eyes spewing forth more cold tears as Erina just stared at him, her heart aching horribly at the sight. She couldn’t understand why she was acting like this. She hated the boy in front of her. At least she had hated him. Now the only thing she wanted was to see him smile that obnoxious smile again and have his golden eyes gleam with life and mischief. This was not Soma; this was not right. “It’s as you always say… I-I am a useless human being… I am so, so tired Erina… I… I cannot do this anymore… Please… Please just let me go. Let me fall apart… Don’t hold me together like this…” His voice gave out at the end, as more tears rolled down his cheek. He grabbed her right hand on his face tightly while nuzzling into it, casting his gaze down again.

“Please… just… just let me die…” He begged as his voice grew hollow and his legs gave out, making him fall to his knees. To his surprise Nakiri followed, her arms now flying around him in an urgent and tight embrace.

“What… What are you saying?!” She cried into his shoulder while she held onto him like her life depended on it. “I… You… Baka!”

[Back](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/Oneshots/Freezing%20(Pre-series)/README.md)