Shokugeki no Souma/Oneshots/Freezing (Pre-series)/README.md, before:

# Freezing - Summary

Souma has had episodes of sudden heartache and lethargy since he was only a mere child. They always came without warning and left after a day or two. But over the years those episodes grew more intense, erupted more frequently and stayed for longer periods of time.  He didn’t think too much about them and just brushed them off as unimportant. Until a fateful winter day, when sadness and pain rolled over him and left him paralyzed and void of emotion contemplating his life. He finally acknowledged things he knew about himself all along, not without generating more and more questions on this self-discovery journey though. Things changed when he went outside that night alone with his thoughts and an angel glad in gold and purple illuminated his darkening heart and disrupted everything. Will he get through this episode unscathed? Will he understand the origins of these self-deprecating thoughts and feelings? Will he let somebody in? Will he let himself love?

# Tags

Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
Choose not to use archieve warnings

## Fandoms
食戟のソーマ | Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Nakiri Erina/Yukihira Souma
- SouEri
- Tadokoro Megumi & Yukihira Souma

## Characters
- Yukihira Souma
- Nakiri Erina

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - References to Depression
> - Suicidal Thoughts
> - Suicidal Yukihira Souma
> - Freezing
> - Mental Health Issues

- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Self-Worth Issues
- Eventual Romance
- Sad
- One Shot
- Yukihira Souma needs a hug
- I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is:

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: 
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

For the poll on which One-shot I make into a series first, you can follow this link:

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)

# Oneshot
- [Freezing Oneshot](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/Oneshots/Freezing%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/README.md)

Commit message:

Update after first poll has ended

Shokugeki no Souma/Oneshots/Freezing (Pre-series)/README.md, after:

# Freezing - Summary

Souma has had episodes of sudden heartache and lethargy since he was only a mere child. They always came without warning and left after a day or two. But over the years those episodes grew more intense, erupted more frequently and stayed for longer periods of time.  He didn’t think too much about them and just brushed them off as unimportant. Until a fateful winter day, when sadness and pain rolled over him and left him paralyzed and void of emotion contemplating his life. He finally acknowledged things he knew about himself all along, not without generating more and more questions on this self-discovery journey though. Things changed when he went outside that night alone with his thoughts and an angel glad in gold and purple illuminated his darkening heart and disrupted everything. Will he get through this episode unscathed? Will he understand the origins of these self-deprecating thoughts and feelings? Will he let somebody in? Will he let himself love?

# Tags

Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
Choose not to use archieve warnings

## Fandoms
食戟のソーマ | Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Nakiri Erina/Yukihira Souma
- SouEri
- Tadokoro Megumi & Yukihira Souma

## Characters
- Yukihira Souma
- Nakiri Erina

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - References to Depression
> - Suicidal Thoughts
> - Suicidal Yukihira Souma
> - Freezing
> - Mental Health Issues

- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Self-Worth Issues
- Eventual Romance
- Sad
- One Shot
- Yukihira Souma needs a hug
- I Wrote This Instead of Sleeping

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is: https://www.instagram.com/kajirobachi/

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: https://github.com/kajirobachi/fanfictions
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

The poll has been closed by now and a winner has been chosen. For more information you can look on my Instagram. All the fics will be made into a series eventually though.

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)  

# Oneshot
- [Freezing Oneshot](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/Oneshots/Freezing%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/README.md)
