Naruto/Oneshots/Can love fix this (Pre-series)/README.md, before:

# Can love fix this? - Summary

Hinata Hyuuga daughter of Hiashi Hyuuga has had enough of the overprotective nature of her father. She has to finally live her own life and make her own mistakes and experiences. Somehow she was able to convince him to allow her this wish, as she begins her new live in Konoha, living on her own for the first time. Hinata has a troubled past and as such her father had tried to protect her from the world, but now she finds herself in a new adventure as she attends a new high school with new people. She is shy and timid, but maybe this time she can allow herself to find some more friends and finally work through her past, which still haunts her every living moment. With the help of the people she meets along the way and a certain blond, she thinks she may be able to. As new feelings blossom and everything becomes a little more complicated the only question which remains is: Can love fix this? Can love fix them? Or is this the beginning of the end?

# Tags
Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
> [!CAUTION]
> Graphic Depictions Of Violence

## Fandoms
Naruto (Anime & Manga)

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Hyuuga Hinata/Uzumaki Naruto
- NaruHina
- Hyuuga Hinata & Hyuuga Hinata's Mother
- Hyuuga Hiashi & Hyuuga Hinata

## Characters
- Hyuuga Hinata
- Uzumaki Naruto
- Hyuuga Hinata's Mother
- Hyuuga Hiashi
- Original Characters

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
> - Childhood Trauma
> - Murder
> - Attempted Sexual Assault
> - Hallucinations
> - Mental Health Issues

- Alternate Universe - High School
- Hyuuga Hinata-centric
- POV Hyuuga Hinata
- Traumatized Hyuuga Hinata
- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Sad
- One Shot
- Explicit Language
- Hyuuga Hinata Needs a Hug
- Her dad is too overprotective
- She needs to live her life

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is:

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: 
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

For the poll on which One-shot I make into a series first, you can follow this link:

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)

# Oneshot
- [Can love fix this?](/Naruto/Oneshots/Can%20love%20fix%20this%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Naruto/README.md)

Commit message:

Update after first poll has ended

Naruto/Oneshots/Can love fix this (Pre-series)/README.md, after:

# Can love fix this? - Summary

Hinata Hyuuga daughter of Hiashi Hyuuga has had enough of the overprotective nature of her father. She has to finally live her own life and make her own mistakes and experiences. Somehow she was able to convince him to allow her this wish, as she begins her new live in Konoha, living on her own for the first time. Hinata has a troubled past and as such her father had tried to protect her from the world, but now she finds herself in a new adventure as she attends a new high school with new people. She is shy and timid, but maybe this time she can allow herself to find some more friends and finally work through her past, which still haunts her every living moment. With the help of the people she meets along the way and a certain blond, she thinks she may be able to. As new feelings blossom and everything becomes a little more complicated the only question which remains is: Can love fix this? Can love fix them? Or is this the beginning of the end?

# Tags
Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Mature

## Archieve Warnings
> [!CAUTION]
> Graphic Depictions Of Violence

## Fandoms
Naruto (Anime & Manga)

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Hyuuga Hinata/Uzumaki Naruto
- NaruHina
- Hyuuga Hinata & Hyuuga Hinata's Mother
- Hyuuga Hiashi & Hyuuga Hinata

## Characters
- Hyuuga Hinata
- Uzumaki Naruto
- Hyuuga Hinata's Mother
- Hyuuga Hiashi
- Original Characters

## Additional Tags

> [!CAUTION]
> - Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder - PTSD
> - Childhood Trauma
> - Murder
> - Attempted Sexual Assault
> - Hallucinations
> - Mental Health Issues

- Alternate Universe - High School
- Hyuuga Hinata-centric
- POV Hyuuga Hinata
- Traumatized Hyuuga Hinata
- Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Sad
- One Shot
- Explicit Language
- Hyuuga Hinata Needs a Hug
- Her dad is too overprotective
- She needs to live her life

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is: https://www.instagram.com/kajirobachi/

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: https://github.com/kajirobachi/fanfictions
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

The poll has been closed by now and a winner has been chosen. For more information you can look on my Instagram. All the fics will be made into a series eventually though.

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)  

# Oneshot
- [Can love fix this?](/Naruto/Oneshots/Can%20love%20fix%20this%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Naruto/README.md)
