Shokugeki no Souma/Oneshots/I am sorry Soma (Pre-series)/README.md, before:

# I am Sorry Soma - Summary

Souma and Erina play a game—one that all their friends are familiar with. Souma cooks for Erina, hoping to hear her praise his food, but every time, she insists it's disgusting. Everyone, including Erina, knows this isn't true. Yet, the game continues. Only Megumi notices that Souma is becoming more and more exhausted, and her frustration grows. She tries to confront him, but Souma just brushes it off, even though she knows he's pushing himself too hard to impress Erina. Everything changed though, as all of them were working and trying at the current big exam.As always, Souma tries to get Erina to taste his dish, and as always, she resists. But this time, she goes too far—her words cut too deep, and her actions are unforgivable. To her shock Souma promised to never bother her with himself or his food again. Can Erina fix what she destroyed? Can Souma acceped an apology? And can the two idiots finally admit what they feel? 

# Tags

Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Teen and up audiences

## Archieve Warnings
Choose not to use archieve warnings

## Fandoms
食戟のソーマ | Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Nakiri Erina/Yukihira Souma
- SouEri
- Tadokoro Megumi & Yukihira Souma
- Arato Hisako & Nakiri Erina

## Characters
- Yukihira Souma
- Nakiri Erina
- Tadokoro Megumi
- Arato Hisako
- Original Characters

## Additional Tags
- Light Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Eventual Romance
- Sad
- One Shot
- Yukihira Souma needs a hug
- Erina is a Tsundere
- Erina needs to come back to reality finally
- Tadokoro Megumi slight OOC

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is:

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: 
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

For the poll on which One-shot I make into a series first, you can follow this link:

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)

# Oneshot
- [I am sorry Souma](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/Oneshots/I%20am%20sorry%20Soma%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/README.md)

Commit message:

Update after first poll has ended

Shokugeki no Souma/Oneshots/I am sorry Soma (Pre-series)/README.md, after:

# I am Sorry Soma - Summary

Souma and Erina play a game—one that all their friends are familiar with. Souma cooks for Erina, hoping to hear her praise his food, but every time, she insists it's disgusting. Everyone, including Erina, knows this isn't true. Yet, the game continues. Only Megumi notices that Souma is becoming more and more exhausted, and her frustration grows. She tries to confront him, but Souma just brushes it off, even though she knows he's pushing himself too hard to impress Erina. Everything changed though, as all of them were working and trying at the current big exam.As always, Souma tries to get Erina to taste his dish, and as always, she resists. But this time, she goes too far—her words cut too deep, and her actions are unforgivable. To her shock Souma promised to never bother her with himself or his food again. Can Erina fix what she destroyed? Can Souma acceped an apology? And can the two idiots finally admit what they feel? 

# Tags

Here the tags and meta information such as warnings and rating will be placed. So please be adviced.

## Raiting
Teen and up audiences

## Archieve Warnings
Choose not to use archieve warnings

## Fandoms
食戟のソーマ | Food Wars! Shokugeki no Soma

## Categories
F/M (Female/Male relationship)

## Relationships
- Nakiri Erina/Yukihira Souma
- SouEri
- Tadokoro Megumi & Yukihira Souma
- Arato Hisako & Nakiri Erina

## Characters
- Yukihira Souma
- Nakiri Erina
- Tadokoro Megumi
- Arato Hisako
- Original Characters

## Additional Tags
- Light Angst
- Hurt/Comfort
- Emotional Hurt/Comfort
- Eventual Romance
- Sad
- One Shot
- Yukihira Souma needs a hug
- Erina is a Tsundere
- Erina needs to come back to reality finally
- Tadokoro Megumi slight OOC

## Author's notes

Customary author's notes can be placed at the beginning and end of a story

### First note
Hi , my name is Kajirobachi. I write fanfictions and stories of all kinds ever since I can remember. But to this day, I never was confident in my works enough to post them somewhere and have others read and rate them. No more! I have decided that I don't just want to be a mute bystander reading and contributing nothing, but also a writer showing what he can do. This is one of six One-shots I published simultaneously. These six are spread over three different fandoms and have different styles and contents, as they have been written and re-written over the last few years again and again. You can see all of them in the collection this fic is a part of. As is written there, I want to see how those stories perform, if anyone even reads them and if people are interested in reading full fledged series from those One-shots. For all of these I have enough ideas to make series out of, some longer some shorter. So if you're interested please keep on reading this fic and maybe some of the others, if the fandoms and contents meet your fancy. For how to participate in  the vote for which One-shot becomes a series first, please look at the end, but now without further ado, enjoy the things my mind produced instead of sleeping or studying :)

### Second note
Thanks for reading the fic :). I hope you liked it. English is not my first language, so please excuse any inaccuracies or grammatical blunders I may have committed. Feel free to leave a comment if you want to engage with me or the story a bit more.

You can follow me on Instagram for more information on ongoing fics as soon as they come out or if you want to talk and interact with me more. The link is: https://www.instagram.com/kajirobachi/

For the ones of you who want to interact with the stories more and maybe want to add to them with corrections or ideas, when allowed by me, please visit my github page under: https://github.com/kajirobachi/fanfictions
Do not threat, if you don't know Github. For how I use it, everything is explained there in detail. There every fic also gets posted and you have the direct ability to edit and work on them if you want to. Of course you cannot change anything on a whim without my acknowledgment or permission, but everything you need to know is explained there.

The poll has been closed by now and a winner has been chosen. For more information you can look on my Instagram. All the fics will be made into a series eventually though.

Please consider reading the other fanfictions within the collection. If you haven't read it yet, there is one other fic of this fandom too.

Thank you and read you soon :)  

# Oneshot
- [I am sorry Souma](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/Oneshots/I%20am%20sorry%20Soma%20(Pre-series)/Oneshot.md)

- [Overview](/Shokugeki%20no%20Souma/README.md)
